README.md, before:

# Positron - Project Manager for Alfred

Simple integration of [Project Manager (OpenVSX)](https://open-vsx.org/extension/alefragnani/project-manager) with [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/).

It supports both static and Git projects created using Project Manager in Positron. Use the keyword `tron` to pull up a list of projects.

![](positron-with-alfred.png)

You can obtain a copy by going to the [releases/](./releases) folder, pressing v1.0.0, and selecting "Raw". Once downloaded, double-click to install in Alfred.

### Setup Video Guide

For those new to Alfred, Alfred Workflows, and Positron, we highly recommend checking out this informative [YouTube video](https://youtu.be/IszYi8EFG3E) to get started quickly:

[![Positron accessing Projects on macOS using an Alfred workflow for Project Manager Extension](https://i3.ytimg.com/vi/IszYi8EFG3E/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/IszYi8EFG3E)

### Acknowledgements

This workflow is heavily based on the [VSCode Project Manager for Alfred](https://github.com/kopiro/vscode-project-manager-for-alfred) variant by [Flavio Maria De Stefano (kopiro)](https://github.com/kopiro).

Commit message:

Set video start at install step instead of beginning.

README.md, after:

# Positron - Project Manager for Alfred

Simple integration of [Project Manager (OpenVSX)](https://open-vsx.org/extension/alefragnani/project-manager) with [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/).

It supports both static and Git projects created using Project Manager in Positron. Use the keyword `tron` to pull up a list of projects.

![](positron-with-alfred.png)

You can obtain a copy by going to the [releases/](./releases) folder, pressing v1.0.0, and selecting "Raw". Once downloaded, double-click to install in Alfred.

### Setup Video Guide

For those new to Alfred, Alfred Workflows, and Positron, we highly recommend checking out this informative [YouTube video](https://youtu.be/IszYi8EFG3E?t=336) to get started quickly:

[![Positron accessing Projects on macOS using an Alfred workflow for Project Manager Extension](https://i3.ytimg.com/vi/IszYi8EFG3E/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/IszYi8EFG3E?t=336)

> [!NOTE]
>
> The main portion of the install guide starts at [05:34 mins](https://youtu.be/IszYi8EFG3E?t=336). If you want background, then start the video at [00:00](https://youtu.be/IszYi8EFG3E).

### Acknowledgements

This workflow is heavily based on the [VSCode Project Manager for Alfred](https://github.com/kopiro/vscode-project-manager-for-alfred) variant by [Flavio Maria De Stefano (kopiro)](https://github.com/kopiro).
